Hey, sister, is this coffee shop good?
That depends, of course, on who I bring.
Brother Muchen, why are you here?
I met him when I was at the mall
You don't know yet
Your brother Muchen is the largest shareholder of this store
Brother Muchen, we haven't finished packing yet.
Do you mind?
It's okay to go
Go, Brother Muchen
Thank you for your care and help in the past.
You don't have to be so polite to me
Right.
Maybe Brother Muchen will still be my brother-in-law in the future
What do you think?
Hey this kid
Sister, don't always mess with me, I've grown up
What am I saying?
Nian Nian is actually me, oh right
Brother Mu Chen, this is my newly developed coffee
Would you like to try it?
It looks good.
Bro um
You are here every day now.
Too Tomorrow
I have nothing to do with him anymore
He won't bother me anymore, that's fine
Brother Muchen will come again next time he has a chance.
OK
Hey sister
You know.
I've been paying attention
Now that everything has started all over again
Then can you give me another chance to be my girlfriend?
Brother Muchen
Everything in the past is in the past
You always have to start a new life